Fix Poetry instructions (#11152)
readthedocs/readthedocs.org: docs/user/build-customization.rst

         # Install poetry
         # https://python-poetry.org/docs/#installing-manually
         - pip install poetry
       post_install:
         # Install dependencies with 'docs' dependency group
         # https://python-poetry.org/docs/managing-dependencies/#dependency-groups

>          # VIRTUAL_ENV needs to be set manually for now, see #11150

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         # VIRTUAL_ENV needs to be set manually for now.
         # See https://github.com/readthedocs/readthedocs.org/pull/11152/
```

Use the full link since the docs won't link otherwise.
